Solution Operator role manifest (#2576)
scality/metalk8s: docs/developer/solutions/operator.rst

MetalK8s will take care of deploying these objects, create a ``ServiceAccount``
named ``<solution_name>-operator`` and all needed ``RoleBinding`` to bind these
roles to this account.

> .. warning:: Only ``Role`` and ``ClusterRole`` kinds are allowed in this file,
>              the deployment of the Solution fail if any other resource is
>              found.

Reviewer: Would be best written like:

```suggestion
.. warning::

   Only ``Role`` and ``ClusterRole`` kinds are allowed in this file,
   the deployment of the Solution fail if any other resource is found.
```

MetalK8s will take care of deploying these objects, create a ``ServiceAccount``
named ``<solution_name>-operator`` and all needed ``RoleBinding`` to bind these
roles to this account.

.. warning::

   Only ``Role`` and ``ClusterRole`` kinds are allowed in this file,

>    the deployment of the Solution fail if any other resource is found.

Reviewer 2: Minor
```suggestion
   Only ``Role`` and ``ClusterRole`` kinds are allowed in this file,
   the deployment of the Solution fails if any other resource is found.
```
